okay good evening today I'm going to
show you how to cook the rice using two
coffee mugs and a microwave all that has
10 20 minutes okay all you gotta do is
take two miles of empty mugs coffee mugs
and get the rice and take one handful of
rice and one and the same thing for the
other because of the measurement what
you can do is sitting could take another
one and just put it in both of them once
you have done that all you got to do is
wash the rice and keep it in the oven
I'll just thread wash it now I'll tell
you okay there you go I've washed the
rice you can see that there's rice and
you can see the water is not full of the
cup but just
just near to fill here no I'll take this
and I have a microwave in here just open
that we gonna set the time set for 15
minutes there are 15 and then you're
gonna pick the club place this book at 1
there you go
so I've placed both the cups inside
close it and I hit stop you're gonna
come back say after 15 minutes it will
of just got cut after 15 minutes
actually this is water is falling and
rice might fill out so what we do is we
come back after 15 minutes leave it for
2 minutes and then leave started again
for 2 more minutes that's it really
so we'll come back after 2 minutes I
mean came in sorry ok yeah yeah that's
the end of 15 minutes now let's look at
it if you say into the things you can
see that it's good
let me put on the light yeah there you
go
this one and this one so we have 2
months of rice what you got to do is if
you see it's almost good but then leave
it in for another 3 3 more 2 to 3 more
minutes and we'll turn it on back for
another you know depending on 2 or 5
minutes and that's it ready to sew so
I'm going to set it say the clock for 3
minutes
I'm gonna just close it so three minutes
and leave it again actually I should
have left it for some time so I'll just
so I'll leave it for 2 minutes as it is
then turn on it for 3 minutes again
cooking and then it's ready to sew so
I'll leave it for 2 minutes I'll come
back and turn it on back for three more
minutes cooking okay okay there you go
I left it for two minutes I'm going to
wait for another filament then be ready
to tell me
come back after two minutes of
straightening if you see closely you can
see that it is falling there these are
the right is balling so getting sucked
anyway that's it's really so we have
another 30 seconds and it should be done
all you got to do next is show it in a
plate and so if you assemble or if you
have some something you can mix it and
have it so your rice is ready in ten
nine eight seven six five four three two
one very good obtain and the rice is
cooked your bell at once there you go
two full cups of rice you can leave it
hand on and serve it on a plate and show
you yeah there we go
I'll put one glass the other one inside
there yeah
one for Margo plate of rice all right so
that's the plate of rice if you cannot
you can see the hot steam coming up I'm
not sure the camera is capturing I can
see it very well let's see I think this
is as you can see it's here
all right we have flickered price is in
two coffee mugs and the microwave just
less than 20 minutes now enjoy your
dinner